docs: add deploy to Zeabur (#5875)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/zeabur.mdx

---
title: Deploy your Astro Site to Zeabur
description: How to deploy your Astro site to the web on Zeabur.
type: deploy
i18nReady: true
---
[Zeabur](https://zeabur.com) offers hosting for full-stack web applications. Astro sites can be hosted as both SSR or static output.

This guide includes instructions for deploying to Zeabur through the website UI.

## Project Configuration

### Static Site

Astro outputs a static site by default. There is no need for any extra configuration to deploy a static Astro site to Zeabur. 

### Server-Rendered Site

To deploy with SSR support, set up the @astrojs/node adapter first. Then, follow the next steps to configure your Astro site for SSR:

1. Add the following to your `astro.config.mjs` file:

    ```js title="astro.config.mjs"
    import node from '@astrojs/node';
    
    export default defineConfig({
      output: 'server',
      adapter: node({
        mode: "standalone"
      })
    })

>     ```

Author: Great suggestion! My bad for not reading other docs carefully :(

2. Modify the start command in your `package.json` file:

>     ```json title="package.json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```json title="package.json" {3}
```
We can get fancy and highlight the line!  :nail_care:

Author: Magic number!

    {
      "scripts": {
        "start": "node dist/server/entry.mjs"
      }
    }
    ```

## How to deploy

You can deploy your Astro site to Zeabur if the project is stored in GitHub.

> 1. Click <kbd>Create new project</kbd> in the [Zeabur dashboard](https://dash.zeabur.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <kbd>Create new project</kbd> in the [Zeabur dashboard](https://dash.zeabur.com).
```
missing period at the end of the sentence

---
title: Deploy your Astro Site to Zeabur
description: How to deploy your Astro site to the web on Zeabur.
type: deploy

> i18nReady: false

Reviewer 2: I think that this should be set to true.
```suggestion
i18nReady: true
```

Author: Thanks! Sorry that I thought it should be false until every language is finished :D

---

> [Zeabur](https://zeabur.com) offers hosting for fullstack web applications. Any Astro site can be hosted on Zeabur as SSR or static site.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Zeabur](https://zeabur.com) offers hosting for full-stack web applications. Any Astro site can be hosted on Zeabur as an SSR or static site.
```

This guide includes instructions for deploying to Zeabur through the website UI.

## Project Configuration

Your Astro project can be deployed to Zeabur in two different ways: as a static site, or a server-rendered site.

### Static Site

Your Astro project is a static site by default. You don’t need any extra configuration to deploy a static Astro site to Zeabur. 

### Server-Rendered Site

> 1. Add the following to your `astro.config.mjs` file:

Reviewer 3: I would suggest adding a step before `1.` about adding the `@astrojs/node` SSR adapter.

Have a look the [AWS Flightcontrol](https://docs-git-fork-michaelyuhe-main-astrodotbuild.vercel.app/en/guides/deploy/flightcontrol/) deployment recipe to see what I mean :)

Author: Thank you, I will add the step :)

> ```js
> import node from '@astrojs/node';
> 
> export default defineConfig({
>   output: 'server',
>   adapter: node({
>     mode: "standalone"
>   })
> })
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ```js
    import node from '@astrojs/node';
    
    export default defineConfig({
      output: 'server',
      adapter: node({
        mode: "standalone"
      })
    })
    ```
```

2. Modify the start command in your `package.json` file:

> ```json
> {
>   "scripts": {
>     "start": "node dist/server/entry.mjs"
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    ```json
    {
      "scripts": {
        "start": "node dist/server/entry.mjs"
      }
    }
    ```
```

Indent these code blocks to maintain consistency across the docs :)

---
title: Deploy your Astro Site to Zeabur
description: How to deploy your Astro site to the web on Zeabur.
type: deploy
i18nReady: true
---

> [Zeabur](https://zeabur.com) offers hosting for full-stack web applications. Any Astro site can be hosted on Zeabur as an SSR or static site.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Zeabur](https://zeabur.com) offers hosting for full-stack web applications. Astro sites can be hosted as both SSR or static output.
```

This guide includes instructions for deploying to Zeabur through the website UI.

## Project Configuration

> Your Astro project can be deployed to Zeabur in two different ways: as a static site, or a server-rendered site.

Reviewer 4: I think we can drop this sentence, since it's basically a repetition of the first sentence in the guide.

### Static Site

> Your Astro project is a static site by default. You don’t need any extra configuration to deploy a static Astro site to Zeabur. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Astro outputs a static site by default. There is no need for any extra configuration to deploy a static Astro site to Zeabur. 
```

### Server-Rendered Site

> To deploy with SSR support, make sure you first set up the @astrojs/node adapter. Then, follow the following steps to configure your Astro site for SSR:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To deploy with SSR support, set up the @astrojs/node adapter first. Then, follow the next steps to configure your Astro site for SSR:
```

1. Add the following to your `astro.config.mjs` file:

>     ```js
>     import node from '@astrojs/node';
>     
>     export default defineConfig({
>       output: 'server',
>       adapter: node({
>         mode: "standalone"
>       })
>     })
>     ```

Reviewer 4: ``````suggestion
    ```js title="astro.config.mjs"
    import node from '@astrojs/node';
    
    export default defineConfig({
      output: 'server',
      adapter: node({
        mode: "standalone"
      })
    })
    ```
``````

2. Modify the start command in your `package.json` file:

>     ```json
>     {
>       "scripts": {
>         "start": "node dist/server/entry.mjs"
>       }
>     }
>     ```

Reviewer 4: ``````suggestion
    ```json title="package.json"
    {
      "scripts": {
        "start": "node dist/server/entry.mjs"
      }
    }
    ```
``````

## How to deploy

> You can deploy to Zeabur through the website UI.
> 
> ### Website UI Deployment

Reviewer 4: I would opt to just remove both sentences here, since they don't add any extra value
```suggestion
```

Author: That's because Zeabur's CLI is still in a beta version, I'll remove these and come back with another pr when the CLI is ready!
